http://www.uwindsor.ca/visit-us Visit Us | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS University of Windsor Visit Us Visit Us Learn about UWindsor by visiting us. We offer walking student-guided tours Monday to Friday at 1 p.m. except holidays and during the month of December due to final exams. If you book two weeks in advance, we can arrange for you to speak with a professor (academic advising) in the program that interests you. We offer Saturday tours at 1 p.m. during the months of October, November, March and May. Please note that we do not offer academic advising on Saturdays. Our UWindsor Student Ambassador will be able to answer general questions regarding the campus, student life and our programs. Plan to allow about one and a half hours for your tour and please dress for the weather as the tour will go ahead rain or shine. Schedule a campus tour Take our online virtual tour The University of Windsor is located at: 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 519-253-3000 The University of Windsor, School of Social Work is located at: 167 Ferry Street Second Floor, Room 205 Windsor, Ontario N9A 0C5 519-253-3000 Ext. 3064 The University of Windsor, Centre for Executive and Professional Education (CEPE) is located at: 167 Ferry Street Third Floor, Room 300 Windsor, Ontario N9A 0C5 519-253-3000 Ext. 6721 More information: Hotel Accommodations share tweet save Today's Events University of Windsor Women's Volleyball at Guelph Gryphons 2:00pm to 4:00pm University of Windsor Men's Volleyball at Guelph Gryphons 4:00pm to 6:00pm Upcoming Events Last Day of Classes for Law Mon, 12/02/2019 Last day of classes for Law Mon, 12/02/2019 Final oral defense\: Charles Connell (M.A.) Mon, 12/02/2019 - 09:30 Career Peer Advising- Drop In Mon, 12/02/2019 - 10:00 Final oral defense\: Mostafa Shaban Mohamed Ahmed (M.A.Sc.) Mon, 12/02/2019 - 10:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttp://www.uwindsor.ca/president/ Office of the President Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the President In this section President's Welcome About the President Vision and Mission Strategic Mandate Agreement Administration and Governance Annual Report Board of Governors Senate Contact us President's Welcome About the President Vision and Mission Strategic Mandate Agreement Administration and Governance Annual Report Board of Governors Senate Contact us UWindsor Home Office of the President Welcome to the University of Windsor Welcome to the University of Windsor Thank you for visiting the University of Windsor website – we have a great story to tell. The University has everything you’d expect from one of the country’s top comprehensive universities – it’s student-focused with a broad range of faculties including Engineering, Law, Nursing, Education, Business, Human Kinetics, Science, Graduate Studies and Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences. It’s a place where research and creativity are helping our region and our country, and a place where we engage our capacity to address challenges related to the Great Lakes, borders, safe and healthy communities and sustainable manufacturing. All this is possible through our exceptional students, faculty, staff, alumni, and partners – building on a commitment to excellence that exists throughout our incredible institution. Our goal is to make sure we excel in overall excellence as well as academic research. Our student experience is second to none. Enjoy your journey through uwindsor.ca and, when you have the opportunity, please pay a visit to our always welcoming campus. Robert Gordon President and Vice-Chancellor share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttps://www.google.com/history/privacyadvisor/search/unauth?utm_source=googlemenu&fg=1 Your data in Search Your data in Search Sign in You're signed out, which means Search isn't saving any data to a Google Account. Learn about your signed-out Search activity and discover how this data makes Google services work better for you. Your Search activity When you use Search you generate data, like the terms you search for, the location of the device you search from, and the links you interact with When you're signed out, we associate that data with a cookie or other similar unique identifier. Signed-out Search activity Determines whether searches on google.com from this browser are used to help Google offer more relevant results and recommendationsOn How activity data makes Search work Find out how activity data makes Search better for you and other users chevron_right Ad personalization Visit your Ad Settings to control the information Google uses to show you ads Sign in to your Google Account Sign in to review and manage your data across Google products, including Search. When you sign in, Google can apply your privacy choices across all of your signed-in devices. Sign in More options to manage your privacy Google Account Manage your info, privacy, and security to make Google work better for you Safety Center Explore what we do to help keep you safe Privacy Policy Understand what data Google collects, why, and how you can manage your data Main menuhttps://www.google.com/history/privacyadvisor/search/unauth?utm_source=googlemenu&fg=1 Your data in Search Your data in Search Sign in You're signed out, which means Search isn't saving any data to a Google Account. Learn about your signed-out Search activity and discover how this data makes Google services work better for you. Your Search activity When you use Search you generate data, like the terms you search for, the location of the device you search from, and the links you interact with When you're signed out, we associate that data with a cookie or other similar unique identifier. Signed-out Search activity Determines whether searches on google.com from this browser are used to help Google offer more relevant results and recommendationsOn How activity data makes Search work Find out how activity data makes Search better for you and other users chevron_right Ad personalization Visit your Ad Settings to control the information Google uses to show you ads Sign in to your Google Account Sign in to review and manage your data across Google products, including Search. When you sign in, Google can apply your privacy choices across all of your signed-in devices. Sign in More options to manage your privacy Google Account Manage your info, privacy, and security to make Google work better for you Safety Center Explore what we do to help keep you safe Privacy Policy Understand what data Google collects, why, and how you can manage your data Main menuhttps://www.google.com/history/privacyadvisor/search/unauth?utm_source=googlemenu&fg=1 Your data in Search Your data in Search Sign in You're signed out, which means Search isn't saving any data to a Google Account. Learn about your signed-out Search activity and discover how this data makes Google services work better for you. Your Search activity When you use Search you generate data, like the terms you search for, the location of the device you search from, and the links you interact with When you're signed out, we associate that data with a cookie or other similar unique identifier. Signed-out Search activity Determines whether searches on google.com from this browser are used to help Google offer more relevant results and recommendationsOn How activity data makes Search work Find out how activity data makes Search better for you and other users chevron_right Ad personalization Visit your Ad Settings to control the information Google uses to show you ads Sign in to your Google Account Sign in to review and manage your data across Google products, including Search. When you sign in, Google can apply your privacy choices across all of your signed-in devices. Sign in More options to manage your privacy Google Account Manage your info, privacy, and security to make Google work better for you Safety Center Explore what we do to help keep you safe Privacy Policy Understand what data Google collects, why, and how you can manage your data Main menu