https://www.uwindsor.ca/provost/ Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS UWindsor Home Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic AboutMessagesInitiativesNew Faculty/RecruitmentFaculty Admin. ProcessesPolicies+ProceduresSearch+Review CommitteesContact Register for Office of the Provost Events Description of Provost’s duties and responsibilities Provost and Vice-President, Academic Douglas Kneale is the senior academic officer of the University of Windsor who provides leadership for academic planning and administration. His oversight encompasses the following areas: Teaching and Learning ? Student Experience ? Faculty Matters ? Curricula and Programs ? Student Advising ? Continuing Education ? Residences The Library ? The Library ? Student Recruitment ? Information Technology ? Experiential Learning ? Strategic Enrolment Management ? International Development Provost’s Message Provost’s MessageSeptember 1, 2019 Welcome to the Office of the Provost at the University of Windsor. Who we are The University of Windsor is exceptional. Take, for starters, the broad range of programs we offer – Engineering, Law, Nursing, Education, Business, Human Kinetics, Science, and Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences. Then add in our signature programs in Great Lakes research, Visual Arts & the Built Environment, Social Work, Sport Management, Health & Biomedical Sciences, and a dual Law degree in both Canada and the US. Having such a rich mix of programs – professional, applied, experiential, and theoretical – means that our students have far-reaching opportunities in curricular, co-curricular, and extra-curricular ways. Where we are No other university in Canada can boast a location that is 600 metres away from a foreign country, an international neighbour, and a city with a French name: Detroit. Put a compass in the middle of the iconic Ambassador Bridge, describe a circle, and you have a greater metropolitan area of more than 5 million people in two different countries, with exponential social and cultural opportunities. We are in that part of Canada once known as la nouvelle France, which explains our rich heritage of French place-names. Our campus is situated on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations. We are the fourth most culturally and ethnically diverse city in all of Canada. In short, we welcome the world to Windsor. Where you fit in Whether you are a current or future member of the University of Windsor community – student, faculty, or staff – I invite you to browse these pages for more information about us, or follow the links to learn about our priorities, our successes, and our aspirations. You will find that since 1857 we have been a progressive and inclusive community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. We are a community where we care for one another, where we have our neighbour’s back, and our neighbour has ours. And we are proud of that. Take a virtual tour of our university, or contact us for a campus tour in person, or arrange to sit in on a class. Visit our booth at the Ontario Universities’ Fair in Toronto on September 27-29. And be sure to come to our Fall Open House on Saturday, November 2 to learn more about our programs and to meet awesome students and professors. And when you do, you’ll understand why we are Windsor Proud. Douglas Kneale Provost and Vice-President, Academic Related Links Freedom of Expression at the University of Windsor Collective Agreement between the Faculty Association and the Board of Governors (2017-21) Institutional Quality Assurance Process at the University of Windsor Investing in Faculty: "50 New Profs" Initiative Quality Assurance Framework Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance Renewal, Tenure, and Promotion Frameworks Strategic Enrolment Management Strategic Mandate Agreement Office of the President Strategic Mandate Agreement 3 (2020-2025) Process Research Appointments Office of the Vice-President, Research and Innovation Resources for Departmental Heads The Office of the Provost is dedicated to supporting and enhancing the university’s academic mission – education, scholarship, research, and engagement – through commitment to high intellectual standards, human rights and freedoms, the centrality of the student experience, civility and respect, responsible stewardship and engagement with regard to issues of importance to the world and our communities, as well as the needs and rights of people, cultures, and the environment. This mission, and these commitments, form the basis of our work and our decision making. Three key priorities provide focal points for sustainable advancement of this mission: Reputation Projects and initiatives that seek to ensure that excellence and innovation in all areas of the University’s academic mission is recognized, rewarded, and promoted, on and off campus, and around the world. Explore the life-changing learning and world-changing research happening now at the University of Windsor [.pdf]. Recruitment Projects and initiatives – from new programs, to extraordinary experiences, to enhanced graduate opportunities, from evolving research synergies to community engagement, from new communications strategies to stronger networks – that draw scholars, students, and staff and community members to the University of Windsor. Retention Projects and initiatives committed to ensuring that students, staff, and faculty can achieve their aspirations, and thrive and excel in all aspects of their learning, work, and life on campus. Projects that help people engage, persevere, and succeed. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttp://uwindsor.ca/registrar Office of the Registrar Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar In this section Home Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Change of Program/Major Apply for Re-admission Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Change of Program/Major Apply for Re-admission Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation IMPORTANT DATES MORE IMPORTANT DATES Apr 03 Last day of classes, except for JD Law and Education Apr 03 UPDATED: Last day to voluntarily withdraw from Winter term courses Apr 07 Winter 2020 Final Exams Apr 7-20 (excluding Consecutive Education & JD Law) MORE IMPORTANT DATES Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttps://about.google/commitments/ Google's Mission, Values & Commitments - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Protecting users Expanding opportunity Including all voices Responding to crises Advancing sustainability Reports View all reports Committed to significantly improving the lives of as many people as possible. 2004 Founders’ IPO Letter Our latest {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Protecting users Keeping our users safe online with industry-defining tools, features, and principles. Tools, resources, and tips that help make a safer web for everyone. Learn more about Safety Center Control your data and make Google work better for you with our powerful privacy and security settings. Learn more about Google Account Understand your tech usage, disconnect when needed, and create healthy habits. Learn more about Digital Wellbeing Developing AI practices that are responsible and sharing knowledge, research, and other resources with the world. Learn more about Responsible AI Transparency Report Sharing data that sheds light on how the policies and actions of governments and corporations affect privacy, security, and access to information. Learn more Expanding opportunity $1 billion in grants. 1 million volunteer hours. Investing in communities, individuals, and local economies by preparing them for the opportunities of today — and tomorrow. Ensuring more people have access to the skills they need to succeed in a digital world. Learn more about Grow with Google Closing education equity gaps through technology, tools, and training. Learn more about Google for Education Contributing time, money, and volunteer hours to create a world that works for everyone. Learn more about Google.org Helping organizations publicize their mission, engage supporters, and fundraise online. Learn more about Google for Nonprofits U.S. Economic Impact Report Last year, Google’s search and advertising tools helped generate $283 billion of economic activity for more than 1.5 million businesses, website publishers, and nonprofits nationwide. Learn more Including all voices Building a world where progress, equitable outcomes, diversity, and inclusion can be realities both inside and outside our workplace. Committed to building a diverse workforce that’s more representative of all people who use our products. Learn more about Diversity Standing with organizations that use data science and innovative approaches in the fight against systemic discrimination. Learn more about Google.org’s inclusion work Technology must be accessible for everyone. We are making that a reality in everything that we build. Learn more about Accessibility Diversity Report: 2019 View our systemic approach to improving outcomes in workforce representation and creating inclusive cultures. Learn More Responding to crises Helping those affected by crises through our products, our people, and our partners. We partner with first responders on the front lines of global crises by providing grants, resources, and volunteers. Learn more about Google.org Crisis Response We provide critical information to users in moments of crisis through our products and technology. Learn more about Crisis Response products Advancing sustainability We’re raising the bar in making smart use of Earth’s resources, expecting the highest ethical standards throughout our supply chain, and creating products with people and the planet in mind. We develop new solutions for responsible use of energy and other natural resources and empower others to do the same. Learn more about Sustainability Simple tips and small decisions we can make for a cleaner, healthier future. See your impact and learn how you can do more. Learn more about Your Plan, Your Planet 2019 Environmental Report In 2018, Google matched 100% of the electricity consumption of our global operations with renewable energy for the second consecutive year. Learn more Responsible Supply Chain Report We work with more than 500 suppliers worldwide to ensure ethical and fair treatment for workers, safe and healthy workplaces, and a smaller environmental footprint. Learn more Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Termshttps://about.google/commitments/ Google's Mission, Values & Commitments - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Protecting users Expanding opportunity Including all voices Responding to crises Advancing sustainability Reports View all reports Committed to significantly improving the lives of as many people as possible. 2004 Founders’ IPO Letter Our latest {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Protecting users Keeping our users safe online with industry-defining tools, features, and principles. Tools, resources, and tips that help make a safer web for everyone. Learn more about Safety Center Control your data and make Google work better for you with our powerful privacy and security settings. Learn more about Google Account Understand your tech usage, disconnect when needed, and create healthy habits. Learn more about Digital Wellbeing Developing AI practices that are responsible and sharing knowledge, research, and other resources with the world. Learn more about Responsible AI Transparency Report Sharing data that sheds light on how the policies and actions of governments and corporations affect privacy, security, and access to information. Learn more Expanding opportunity $1 billion in grants. 1 million volunteer hours. Investing in communities, individuals, and local economies by preparing them for the opportunities of today — and tomorrow. Ensuring more people have access to the skills they need to succeed in a digital world. Learn more about Grow with Google Closing education equity gaps through technology, tools, and training. Learn more about Google for Education Contributing time, money, and volunteer hours to create a world that works for everyone. Learn more about Google.org Helping organizations publicize their mission, engage supporters, and fundraise online. Learn more about Google for Nonprofits U.S. Economic Impact Report Last year, Google’s search and advertising tools helped generate $283 billion of economic activity for more than 1.5 million businesses, website publishers, and nonprofits nationwide. Learn more Including all voices Building a world where progress, equitable outcomes, diversity, and inclusion can be realities both inside and outside our workplace. Committed to building a diverse workforce that’s more representative of all people who use our products. Learn more about Diversity Standing with organizations that use data science and innovative approaches in the fight against systemic discrimination. Learn more about Google.org’s inclusion work Technology must be accessible for everyone. We are making that a reality in everything that we build. Learn more about Accessibility Diversity Report: 2019 View our systemic approach to improving outcomes in workforce representation and creating inclusive cultures. Learn More Responding to crises Helping those affected by crises through our products, our people, and our partners. We partner with first responders on the front lines of global crises by providing grants, resources, and volunteers. Learn more about Google.org Crisis Response We provide critical information to users in moments of crisis through our products and technology. Learn more about Crisis Response products Advancing sustainability We’re raising the bar in making smart use of Earth’s resources, expecting the highest ethical standards throughout our supply chain, and creating products with people and the planet in mind. We develop new solutions for responsible use of energy and other natural resources and empower others to do the same. Learn more about Sustainability Simple tips and small decisions we can make for a cleaner, healthier future. See your impact and learn how you can do more. Learn more about Your Plan, Your Planet 2019 Environmental Report In 2018, Google matched 100% of the electricity consumption of our global operations with renewable energy for the second consecutive year. Learn more Responsible Supply Chain Report We work with more than 500 suppliers worldwide to ensure ethical and fair treatment for workers, safe and healthy workplaces, and a smaller environmental footprint. Learn more Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Termshttps://about.google/commitments/ Google's Mission, Values & Commitments - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Protecting users Expanding opportunity Including all voices Responding to crises Advancing sustainability Reports View all reports Committed to significantly improving the lives of as many people as possible. 2004 Founders’ IPO Letter Our latest {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Protecting users Keeping our users safe online with industry-defining tools, features, and principles. Tools, resources, and tips that help make a safer web for everyone. Learn more about Safety Center Control your data and make Google work better for you with our powerful privacy and security settings. Learn more about Google Account Understand your tech usage, disconnect when needed, and create healthy habits. Learn more about Digital Wellbeing Developing AI practices that are responsible and sharing knowledge, research, and other resources with the world. Learn more about Responsible AI Transparency Report Sharing data that sheds light on how the policies and actions of governments and corporations affect privacy, security, and access to information. Learn more Expanding opportunity $1 billion in grants. 1 million volunteer hours. Investing in communities, individuals, and local economies by preparing them for the opportunities of today — and tomorrow. Ensuring more people have access to the skills they need to succeed in a digital world. Learn more about Grow with Google Closing education equity gaps through technology, tools, and training. Learn more about Google for Education Contributing time, money, and volunteer hours to create a world that works for everyone. Learn more about Google.org Helping organizations publicize their mission, engage supporters, and fundraise online. Learn more about Google for Nonprofits U.S. Economic Impact Report Last year, Google’s search and advertising tools helped generate $283 billion of economic activity for more than 1.5 million businesses, website publishers, and nonprofits nationwide. Learn more Including all voices Building a world where progress, equitable outcomes, diversity, and inclusion can be realities both inside and outside our workplace. Committed to building a diverse workforce that’s more representative of all people who use our products. Learn more about Diversity Standing with organizations that use data science and innovative approaches in the fight against systemic discrimination. Learn more about Google.org’s inclusion work Technology must be accessible for everyone. We are making that a reality in everything that we build. Learn more about Accessibility Diversity Report: 2019 View our systemic approach to improving outcomes in workforce representation and creating inclusive cultures. Learn More Responding to crises Helping those affected by crises through our products, our people, and our partners. We partner with first responders on the front lines of global crises by providing grants, resources, and volunteers. Learn more about Google.org Crisis Response We provide critical information to users in moments of crisis through our products and technology. Learn more about Crisis Response products Advancing sustainability We’re raising the bar in making smart use of Earth’s resources, expecting the highest ethical standards throughout our supply chain, and creating products with people and the planet in mind. We develop new solutions for responsible use of energy and other natural resources and empower others to do the same. Learn more about Sustainability Simple tips and small decisions we can make for a cleaner, healthier future. See your impact and learn how you can do more. Learn more about Your Plan, Your Planet 2019 Environmental Report In 2018, Google matched 100% of the electricity consumption of our global operations with renewable energy for the second consecutive year. Learn more Responsible Supply Chain Report We work with more than 500 suppliers worldwide to ensure ethical and fair treatment for workers, safe and healthy workplaces, and a smaller environmental footprint. Learn more Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Terms