http://www.uwindsor.ca/law/ Faculty of Law Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Law About Law Admissions Academic Programs Student Services Faculty & Staff Alumni Law Library About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Law About Law Admissions Academic Programs Student Services Faculty & Staff Alumni Law Library Professor Myra Tawfik named Tech Researcher of the Year MORE Indigenous Legal Orders Institute launches at Windsor Law MORE Professor Shanthi Senthe develops Sports Law Lecture Series MORE Cities and Climate Action Forum partners with WIFF MORE Three conferences organized by law faculty this fall MORE Explore the Transforming Windsor Law project MORE IMPORTANT DATES MORE IMPORTANT DATES Nov 28 Faculty Seminar Series: Indigenous Research Methodologies 11:30 Faculty Lounge, University of Windsor Faculty of Law Dec 10 Windsor Alumni Dinner & Awards The Windsor Club Jan 30 An Evening with the Local Bench and Bar 18:00 Moot Court, University of Windsor Faculty of Law MORE IMPORTANT DATES Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttps://www.uwindsor.ca/provost/ Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS UWindsor Home Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic AboutMessagesInitiativesNew Faculty/RecruitmentFaculty Admin. ProcessesPolicies+ProceduresSearch+Review CommitteesContact Register for Office of the Provost Events Description of Provost’s duties and responsibilities Provost and Vice-President, Academic Douglas Kneale is the senior academic officer of the University of Windsor who provides leadership for academic planning and administration. His oversight encompasses the following areas: Teaching and Learning ? Student Experience ? Faculty Matters ? Curricula and Programs ? Student Advising ? Continuing Education ? Residences The Library ? Student Recruitment ? Information Technology ? Experiential Learning ? Strategic Enrolment Management ? International Development Provost’s Message Provost’s MessageSeptember 1, 2019 Welcome to the Office of the Provost at the University of Windsor. Who we are The University of Windsor is exceptional. Take, for starters, the broad range of programs we offer – Engineering, Law, Nursing, Education, Business, Human Kinetics, Science, and Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences. Then add in our signature programs in Great Lakes research, Visual Arts & the Built Environment, Social Work, Sport Management, Health & Biomedical Sciences, and a dual Law degree in both Canada and the US. Having such a rich mix of programs – professional, applied, experiential, and theoretical – means that our students have far-reaching opportunities in curricular, co-curricular, and extra-curricular ways. Where we are No other university in Canada can boast a location that is 600 metres away from a foreign country, an international neighbour, and a city with a French name: Detroit. Put a compass in the middle of the iconic Ambassador Bridge, describe a circle, and you have a greater metropolitan area of more than 5 million people in two different countries, with exponential social and cultural opportunities. We are in that part of Canada once known as la nouvelle France, which explains our rich heritage of French place-names. Our campus is situated on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations. We are the fourth most culturally and ethnically diverse city in all of Canada. In short, we welcome the world to Windsor. Where you fit in Whether you are a current or future member of the University of Windsor community – student, faculty, or staff – I invite you to browse these pages for more information about us, or follow the links to learn about our priorities, our successes, and our aspirations. You will find that since 1857 we have been a progressive and inclusive community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. We are a community where we care for one another, where we have our neighbour’s back, and our neighbour has ours. And we are proud of that. Take a virtual tour of our university, or contact us for a campus tour in person, or arrange to sit in on a class. Visit our booth at the Ontario Universities’ Fair in Toronto on September 27-29. And be sure to come to our Fall Open House on Saturday, November 2 to learn more about our programs and to meet awesome students and professors. And when you do, you’ll understand why we are Windsor Proud. Douglas Kneale Provost and Vice-President, Academic Related Links Freedom of Expression at the University of Windsor Collective Agreement between the Faculty Association and the Board of Governors (2017-21) Institutional Quality Assurance Process at the University of Windsor Quality Assurance Framework Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance Renewal, Tenure, and Promotion Frameworks Strategic Enrolment Management Strategic Mandate Agreement Office of the President Strategic Mandate Agreement 3 (2020-2025) Process Research Appointments Office of the Vice-President, Research and Innovation Resources for Departmental Heads The Office of the Provost is dedicated to supporting and enhancing the university’s academic mission – education, scholarship, research, and engagement – through commitment to high intellectual standards, human rights and freedoms, the centrality of the student experience, civility and respect, responsible stewardship and engagement with regard to issues of importance to the world and our communities, as well as the needs and rights of people, cultures, and the environment. This mission, and these commitments, form the basis of our work and our decision making. Three key priorities provide focal points for sustainable advancement of this mission: Reputation Projects and initiatives that seek to ensure that excellence and innovation in all areas of the University’s academic mission is recognized, rewarded, and promoted, on and off campus, and around the world. Explore the life-changing learning and world-changing research happening now at the University of Windsor [.pdf]. Recruitment Projects and initiatives – from new programs, to extraordinary experiences, to enhanced graduate opportunities, from evolving research synergies to community engagement, from new communications strategies to stronger networks – that draw scholars, students, and staff and community members to the University of Windsor. Retention Projects and initiatives committed to ensuring that students, staff, and faculty can achieve their aspirations, and thrive and excel in all aspects of their learning, work, and life on campus. Projects that help people engage, persevere, and succeed. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttps://www.blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/coronavirus-covid19-response/ Coronavirus (COVID-19): How Google is helping Skip to Main Content The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed Company announcements Coronavirus: How we’re helping Copy link × 20200306_cv_header_autocomplete_grey.png Sundar Pichai CEO of Google and Alphabet Published Mar 6, 2020 Copy link × Note: The following is based on an email to employees that Sundar sent earlier today. Read this post in Spanish here. As COVID-19 makes its way across the globe, it’s affecting our communities in different ways. Many in Europe and the Americas are just now beginning to experience what people in Asia have been confronting for weeks. We have set up a 24-hour incident response team to stay in sync with the World Health Organization, and Google’s leaders are meeting daily to make critical decisions about our offices globally. In doing so, we weigh a number of factors grounded in science, including guidance from local health departments, community transmission assessments, and our ability to continue essential work and deliver the products and services people rely on. We’re also trying to build resilience into our operations—and our products—by testing our own capacity to work remotely. And it is also important to think about how we can help our local communities as we make these changes. Some of our offices have shifted to a work-from-home status ensuring business continuity, while others are still operating as normal. As we make these changes, we have been making sure that our hourly service vendor workers in our extended workforce who are affected by reduced work schedules are compensated for the time they would have worked. This is an unprecedented moment. It’s important that we approach it with a sense of calm and responsibility—because we have many people counting on us. Every day people turn to Google products for help: to access important information; to stay productive while working and learning remotely; to stay connected to people you care about across geographies; or to simply relax with a great video or some music at the end of a long day. I’ve shared some early examples of what we are doing to help below. As the coronavirus situation continues to evolve, we will be thinking of even more ways we can be helpful to all of our users, partners, customers and communities. In the meantime, please continue to take care of yourselves and each other. Helping people find useful information People continue to come to Google to search for vaccine information, travel advisories and prevention tips (for example, since the first week of February, search interest in coronavirus increased by +260% globally). Our SOS Alert in Search connects people with the latest news plus safety tips and links to more authoritative information from the World Health Organization (WHO). For people specifically looking for information about symptoms, prevention or treatments, we’re working to expand our Knowledge Panels for health conditions to include a COVID-19 panel. On YouTube, we’ll be using the homepage to direct users to the WHO or other locally relevant authoritative organizations and will donate ad inventory to governments and NGOs in impacted regions to use for education and information. Google Maps continues to surface helpful and reliable local information. Protecting people from misinformation Our Trust and Safety team has been working around the clock and across the globe to safeguard our users from phishing, conspiracy theories, malware and misinformation, and we are constantly on the lookout for new threats. On YouTube, we are working to quickly remove any content that claims to prevent the coronavirus in place of seeking medical treatment. On Google Ads we are blocking all ads capitalizing on the coronavirus, and we’ve blocked tens of thousands of ads over the last six weeks. We are also helping WHO and government organizations run PSA ads. Google Play also prohibits developers from capitalizing on sensitive events, and our long-standing content policies strictly prohibit apps that feature medical or health-related content or functionalities that are misleading or potentially harmful. Enabling productivity for remote workers and students Employees, educators and students are using products like Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Classroom, Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat, as well as G Suite for Education, to be productive while working and learning remotely, including hundreds of thousands of students in Hong Kong, Vietnam and Italy, where schools have been closed. Starting this week we rolled out free access to our advanced Hangouts Meet video-conferencing capabilities to all G Suite and G Suite for Education customers globally until July 1, 2020. We’re also adding resources to be able to support increased demand for public livestreaming on YouTube. We’ve seen increased interest in affected regions as people look to be able to connect virtually with their communities when they are unable to do so in person. Supporting relief efforts and government organizations We're providing $25 million in donated ad credit to the WHO and government agencies, and will provide more if there is a need throughout the year. Google.org and Googlers have donated over $1 million to support relief efforts, which will go towards organizations working to purchase medical supplies, provide frontline workers with food and lodging, support the construction of temporary hospitals, and help with long-term recovery efforts. Google Cloud continues to work with federal, state and local governments to help them connect with citizens and returning travelers from impacted regions. For example, in Singapore, Google Cloud worked with the government to implement a chat bot on their website that helps answer citizens’ most common questions. We’re also working with governments around the globe to help them promote authoritative public information about COVID-19 through our Google Ad Grants crisis relief program. Advancing health research and science DeepMind used the latest version of its AlphaFold system (building on the protein folding work that appeared in Nature in January) to release structure predictions of several proteins associated with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. These structure predictions have not yet been experimentally verified, but the hope is that by accelerating their release they may contribute to the scientific community’s understanding of how the virus functions and experimental work in developing future treatments. Verily is developing a small, body-worn temperature patch that transmits data to a phone application to provide timely notification of fever and support earlier diagnosis and treatment of a viral infection like the flu or coronavirus. This could be especially useful in elderly populations, where viral infections have higher rates of morbidity and mortality. More from this Collection Google's response to COVID-19 Updates about actions we're taking to keep employees safe, help people stay informed and connected, support small businesses and other organizations, and more. View all 19 articles Posted in: Company announcements COVID-19 response Related stories A message from our CEO COVID-19: $800+ million to support small businesses and crisis response Our commitment to support small- and medium-sized businesses, health organizations and governments, and health workers. By Sundar Pichai Mar 27, 2020 Data Centers and Infrastructure Keeping our network infrastructure strong amid COVID-19 By Urs Hölzle Mar 26, 2020 Flights and Hotels Stay updated on travel advisories and airline policies By Richard Holden Mar 24, 2020 Search Connecting people with COVID-19 information and resources We’re introducing a more comprehensive experience for COVID-19 in Search, as well as other resources to help people stay informed. By Emily Moxley Mar 21, 2020 Education Helping educators and students stay connected By Avni Shah Mar 20, 2020 Company announcements Actions to reduce the need for people to come into our offices How we’re reducing the need for people to come into our offices while ensuring that our products continue to operate under these unique c... By Keyword Team Mar 16, 2020 . Follow Us Privacy Terms About Google Google Products About the Keyword Help We'd love your feedback. We’d like to ask you a few questions about your experience to help us improve our website. It will only take a few minutes of your time. Close Take survey QUESTION 1 OF 7 Which of the following best describes you as a reader on this site today? Small business owner/entrepreneur Investor/Analyst Student Developer Everyday user of Google products Government representative Tech enthusiast Reporter/Press Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Next QUESTION 2 OF 7 Which of the following best describes the industry you work in? Select an option Advertising, PR, & Marketing Arts & Entertainment General Management/Consulting Education Finance Government & Public Administration Manufacturing Healthcare Food & Hospitality Legal Services Media & Press Retail Technology Telecommunications N/A - Retired or unemployed Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 3 OF 7 What is the reason for your visit to the Keyword today? Reading for work/school Browsing for leisure Other Back Next QUESTION 4 OF 7 What kind of information are you seeking from the Keyword today? Select all that apply. Google product updates I don’t know—I was just browsing Troubleshooting a Google product Learning about careers at Google Google’s official policies Company announcements Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 5 OF 7 How much do you agree or disagree that the Keyword had the information you were seeking today? Definitely agree Somewhat agree Neutral Somewhat disagree Definitely disagree Back Next QUESTION 6 OF 7 Overall, how satisfied are you with the Keyword? Very Satisfied Satisfied Neutral Unsatisfied Very Unsatisfied Back Next QUESTION 7 OF 7 How could we improve the Keyword for you? Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next Thanks for your feedback! Donehttps://www.blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/coronavirus-covid19-response/ Coronavirus (COVID-19): How Google is helping Skip to Main Content The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed Company announcements Coronavirus: How we’re helping Copy link × 20200306_cv_header_autocomplete_grey.png Sundar Pichai CEO of Google and Alphabet Published Mar 6, 2020 Copy link × Note: The following is based on an email to employees that Sundar sent earlier today. Read this post in Spanish here. As COVID-19 makes its way across the globe, it’s affecting our communities in different ways. Many in Europe and the Americas are just now beginning to experience what people in Asia have been confronting for weeks. We have set up a 24-hour incident response team to stay in sync with the World Health Organization, and Google’s leaders are meeting daily to make critical decisions about our offices globally. In doing so, we weigh a number of factors grounded in science, including guidance from local health departments, community transmission assessments, and our ability to continue essential work and deliver the products and services people rely on. We’re also trying to build resilience into our operations—and our products—by testing our own capacity to work remotely. And it is also important to think about how we can help our local communities as we make these changes. Some of our offices have shifted to a work-from-home status ensuring business continuity, while others are still operating as normal. As we make these changes, we have been making sure that our hourly service vendor workers in our extended workforce who are affected by reduced work schedules are compensated for the time they would have worked. This is an unprecedented moment. It’s important that we approach it with a sense of calm and responsibility—because we have many people counting on us. Every day people turn to Google products for help: to access important information; to stay productive while working and learning remotely; to stay connected to people you care about across geographies; or to simply relax with a great video or some music at the end of a long day. I’ve shared some early examples of what we are doing to help below. As the coronavirus situation continues to evolve, we will be thinking of even more ways we can be helpful to all of our users, partners, customers and communities. In the meantime, please continue to take care of yourselves and each other. Helping people find useful information People continue to come to Google to search for vaccine information, travel advisories and prevention tips (for example, since the first week of February, search interest in coronavirus increased by +260% globally). Our SOS Alert in Search connects people with the latest news plus safety tips and links to more authoritative information from the World Health Organization (WHO). For people specifically looking for information about symptoms, prevention or treatments, we’re working to expand our Knowledge Panels for health conditions to include a COVID-19 panel. On YouTube, we’ll be using the homepage to direct users to the WHO or other locally relevant authoritative organizations and will donate ad inventory to governments and NGOs in impacted regions to use for education and information. Google Maps continues to surface helpful and reliable local information. Protecting people from misinformation Our Trust and Safety team has been working around the clock and across the globe to safeguard our users from phishing, conspiracy theories, malware and misinformation, and we are constantly on the lookout for new threats. On YouTube, we are working to quickly remove any content that claims to prevent the coronavirus in place of seeking medical treatment. On Google Ads we are blocking all ads capitalizing on the coronavirus, and we’ve blocked tens of thousands of ads over the last six weeks. We are also helping WHO and government organizations run PSA ads. Google Play also prohibits developers from capitalizing on sensitive events, and our long-standing content policies strictly prohibit apps that feature medical or health-related content or functionalities that are misleading or potentially harmful. Enabling productivity for remote workers and students Employees, educators and students are using products like Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Classroom, Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat, as well as G Suite for Education, to be productive while working and learning remotely, including hundreds of thousands of students in Hong Kong, Vietnam and Italy, where schools have been closed. Starting this week we rolled out free access to our advanced Hangouts Meet video-conferencing capabilities to all G Suite and G Suite for Education customers globally until July 1, 2020. We’re also adding resources to be able to support increased demand for public livestreaming on YouTube. We’ve seen increased interest in affected regions as people look to be able to connect virtually with their communities when they are unable to do so in person. Supporting relief efforts and government organizations We're providing $25 million in donated ad credit to the WHO and government agencies, and will provide more if there is a need throughout the year. Google.org and Googlers have donated over $1 million to support relief efforts, which will go towards organizations working to purchase medical supplies, provide frontline workers with food and lodging, support the construction of temporary hospitals, and help with long-term recovery efforts. Google Cloud continues to work with federal, state and local governments to help them connect with citizens and returning travelers from impacted regions. For example, in Singapore, Google Cloud worked with the government to implement a chat bot on their website that helps answer citizens’ most common questions. We’re also working with governments around the globe to help them promote authoritative public information about COVID-19 through our Google Ad Grants crisis relief program. Advancing health research and science DeepMind used the latest version of its AlphaFold system (building on the protein folding work that appeared in Nature in January) to release structure predictions of several proteins associated with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. These structure predictions have not yet been experimentally verified, but the hope is that by accelerating their release they may contribute to the scientific community’s understanding of how the virus functions and experimental work in developing future treatments. Verily is developing a small, body-worn temperature patch that transmits data to a phone application to provide timely notification of fever and support earlier diagnosis and treatment of a viral infection like the flu or coronavirus. This could be especially useful in elderly populations, where viral infections have higher rates of morbidity and mortality. More from this Collection Google's response to COVID-19 Updates about actions we're taking to keep employees safe, help people stay informed and connected, support small businesses and other organizations, and more. View all 19 articles Posted in: Company announcements COVID-19 response Related stories A message from our CEO COVID-19: $800+ million to support small businesses and crisis response Our commitment to support small- and medium-sized businesses, health organizations and governments, and health workers. By Sundar Pichai Mar 27, 2020 Data Centers and Infrastructure Keeping our network infrastructure strong amid COVID-19 By Urs Hölzle Mar 26, 2020 Flights and Hotels Stay updated on travel advisories and airline policies By Richard Holden Mar 24, 2020 Search Connecting people with COVID-19 information and resources We’re introducing a more comprehensive experience for COVID-19 in Search, as well as other resources to help people stay informed. By Emily Moxley Mar 21, 2020 Education Helping educators and students stay connected By Avni Shah Mar 20, 2020 Company announcements Actions to reduce the need for people to come into our offices How we’re reducing the need for people to come into our offices while ensuring that our products continue to operate under these unique c... By Keyword Team Mar 16, 2020 . Follow Us Privacy Terms About Google Google Products About the Keyword Help We'd love your feedback. We’d like to ask you a few questions about your experience to help us improve our website. It will only take a few minutes of your time. Close Take survey QUESTION 1 OF 7 Which of the following best describes you as a reader on this site today? Investor/Analyst Tech enthusiast Government representative Small business owner/entrepreneur Developer Everyday user of Google products Student Reporter/Press Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Next QUESTION 2 OF 7 Which of the following best describes the industry you work in? Select an option Advertising, PR, & Marketing Arts & Entertainment General Management/Consulting Education Finance Government & Public Administration Manufacturing Healthcare Food & Hospitality Legal Services Media & Press Retail Technology Telecommunications N/A - Retired or unemployed Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 3 OF 7 What is the reason for your visit to the Keyword today? Browsing for leisure Reading for work/school Other Back Next QUESTION 4 OF 7 What kind of information are you seeking from the Keyword today? Select all that apply. Google’s official policies Troubleshooting a Google product Google product updates Company announcements I don’t know—I was just browsing Learning about careers at Google Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 5 OF 7 How much do you agree or disagree that the Keyword had the information you were seeking today? Definitely agree Somewhat agree Neutral Somewhat disagree Definitely disagree Back Next QUESTION 6 OF 7 Overall, how satisfied are you with the Keyword? Very Satisfied Satisfied Neutral Unsatisfied Very Unsatisfied Back Next QUESTION 7 OF 7 How could we improve the Keyword for you? Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next Thanks for your feedback! Donehttps://www.blog.google/inside-google/company-announcements/googles-response-covid-19/ Google's response to COVID-19 Skip to Main Content The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed The Keyword Latest stories Product updates Product updates Android, Chrome & Play Android Chrome Chromebooks Google Play Wear OS by Google Connected home Chromecast Google Nest Google Wifi G Suite Docs, Sheets and Slides Drive Gmail Hardware Pixel Pixelbook Stadia Explore & get answers Earth Google Assistant Maps Search Photos Translate See all product updates Company news Company news Outreach & initiatives Diversity and inclusion Education Google.org Grow with Google Sustainability See all Technology AI Developers Families Next billion users Safety and security See all Inside Google Data centers and infrastructure Doodles Googlers Working at Google See all Around the globe Google in Africa Google in Asia Google in Europe Google in Latin America See all Perspectives Sundar Pichai, CEO Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO Kent Walker, SVP See all Press corner RSS feed Collection Google's response to COVID-19 Written by Keyword Team Published Mar 11, 2020 As COVID-19 continues to spread, we’re taking action to keep our employees safe and to help people around the world find the information they need. We’ll continue to share updates about how we’re responding, and how our products can help people stay connected during this time. For more resources, see google.com/covid19. {[ isCollapsed ? "Read More" : "Collapse" ]} Copy link × Copy link × 20 articles in this collection A website dedicated to help and resources Information, safety and prevention tips, and other helpful resources for individuals, educators and businesses. Making data freely accessible for better public outcomes To help those working to combat COVID-19, we’re making a hosted repository of public datasets free to access and query. Keeping our network infrastructure strong amid COVID-19 As more people work or learn from home, it’s natural to wonder whether the Google network can handle the load. The answer is yes. $800+ million to support small businesses and crisis response Our commitment to support SMBs, health organizations and governments, and health workers. Stay updated on travel advisories and airline policies As the spread of COVID-19 continues, find travel-related information like travel advisories and trip cancellation policies faster on Google. Connecting people with COVID-19 information and resources We’re introducing a more comprehensive experience for COVID-19 in Search, as well as other resources to help people stay informed. Helping educators and students stay connected To help teachers during these uncertain times, we’re announcing two resources for teachers and students to stay connected. COVID-19: How we’re continuing to help The latest developments in our ongoing global response to COVID-19 and how we’re helping people stay safe, informed and connected. Solidarity Response Fund for the World Health Organization We’re matching up to $5M in donations to the UN Foundation in support of WHO’s global COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. Actions to reduce the need for people to come into our offices How we’re reducing the need for people to come into our offices while ensuring that our products continue to operate under these unique circum… Resources for small businesses Tips and recommendations to help you navigate uncertainty for your employees and customers. 8 tips for getting it done when working from home The G Suite team shares its tips for remote collaboration. With school closures, teachers can keep their lessons going remotely As schools around the world close, Google for Education supports educators, students and administrators with distance learning tools. Preparing students to learn from home with Chromebooks As educators prepare for potential school closures, we’re offering free access to advanced Hangouts Meet features, as well as resources for te… Coronavirus: How we’re helping As the situation with the coronavirus (COVID-19) develops, we want to help people stay safe, informed and connected. Helping businesses & schools stay connected in response to Coronavirus As more people work remotely in response to the spread of COVID-19, we want to do our part to help them stay connected and productive. Coronavirus: YouTube creator support and resources With the growing crisis around the coronavirus, we've been thinking about how these developments might affect creators and artists. Working from home? Use these 6 tips for better video calls We’re sharing our tips for successful video conferencing from home. Work, teach, and learn from anywhere Grow with Google has gathered free tools and resources to help employees, educators and students stay connected and productive. Even without internet at home, students can keep learning Many Google for Education tools are available offline, and students can keep learning at home, even without internet. Follow Us Privacy Terms About Google Google Products About the Keyword Help We'd love your feedback. We’d like to ask you a few questions about your experience to help us improve our website. It will only take a few minutes of your time. Close Take survey QUESTION 1 OF 7 Which of the following best describes you as a reader on this site today? Everyday user of Google products Government representative Small business owner/entrepreneur Student Investor/Analyst Reporter/Press Developer Tech enthusiast Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Next QUESTION 2 OF 7 Which of the following best describes the industry you work in? Select an option Advertising, PR, & Marketing Arts & Entertainment General Management/Consulting Education Finance Government & Public Administration Manufacturing Healthcare Food & Hospitality Legal Services Media & Press Retail Technology Telecommunications N/A - Retired or unemployed Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 3 OF 7 What is the reason for your visit to the Keyword today? Browsing for leisure Reading for work/school Other Back Next QUESTION 4 OF 7 What kind of information are you seeking from the Keyword today? Select all that apply. Google product updates Learning about careers at Google I don’t know—I was just browsing Troubleshooting a Google product Google’s official policies Company announcements Other Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next QUESTION 5 OF 7 How much do you agree or disagree that the Keyword had the information you were seeking today? Definitely agree Somewhat agree Neutral Somewhat disagree Definitely disagree Back Next QUESTION 6 OF 7 Overall, how satisfied are you with the Keyword? Very Satisfied Satisfied Neutral Unsatisfied Very Unsatisfied Back Next QUESTION 7 OF 7 How could we improve the Keyword for you? Do not include personal information, including email addresses and phone numbers. Back Next Thanks for your feedback! Done