http://www.uwindsor.ca/current-students Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS University of Windsor In this section Current Students UWinsite Student Office of the Registrar Student Accounts Campus Life Student Support Services Career and Employment Services Blackboard Learn Co-operative Education Student Webmail myUWindsor app mySuccess Current Students UWinsite Student Office of the Registrar Student Accounts Campus Life Student Support Services Career and Employment Services Blackboard Learn Co-operative Education Student Webmail myUWindsor app mySuccess University of Windsor Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience Learn more about the University Of Windsor's new student information system. Going live on November 26, 2018. Select the image to the left for more information... Student Support Students often ask how they can make the most of their student experience. The advice often centres on discovery, both within and beyond the classroom. Take the time to be fully engaged—with your professors, your peers and the staff who are here to support you throughout your time at our university. And always strive for excellence. Above all, it is what will bring your UWindsor student experience to life. Take advantage of the support services we have in place. View a full list of student support services. Academics The Undergraduate and Graduate Calendars are comprehensive guides to all programs and courses available at the University of Windsor. They outline academic regulations and standards, program degree requirements, and general University policies for all programs. The online calendars are the official calendars. The University of Windsor publishes undergraduate web calendars on a semester basis (Fall, Winter, and Spring). Go to the Undergraduate Calendar Go the Graduate Calendar Campus Life With a great variety of options, the UWindsor campus is always full of life. In addition to the list below be sure to check out our Student Life section for even more activities and information. Campus Bookstore Lancer Recreation Lancer Varsity Athletics Health Services Residence Services Student Government CJAM 99.1 University Players share tweet save Today's Events University of Windsor Women's Volleyball at Guelph Gryphons 2:00pm to 4:00pm University of Windsor Men's Volleyball at Guelph Gryphons 4:00pm to 6:00pm Upcoming Events Last Day of Classes for Law Mon, 12/02/2019 Last day of classes for Law Mon, 12/02/2019 Final oral defense\: Charles Connell (M.A.) Mon, 12/02/2019 - 09:30 Career Peer Advising- Drop In Mon, 12/02/2019 - 10:00 Final oral defense\: Mostafa Shaban Mohamed Ahmed (M.A.Sc.) Mon, 12/02/2019 - 10:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttp://uwindsor.ca/donations Donations - myuwindsor Sign In Contact Us Navigation Main Skip to Content Breadcrumbs myuwindsor Giving Donations * Amount: Please enter an amount and designation for your gift. Charitable Tax receipts for gifts $10 and over will be issued by mail. Reg. #10816 2611 RR0001 This is a new gift This is a payment on a pledge This is a gift in memory of This is a gift in honour of Designations * I would like to direct my gift towards: University of Windsor's Priorities ---Please Select--- Graduate Scholarships Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre Law Building Campaign National Self-Represented Litigants Project Fund Undergraduate Scholarship Endowment Fund Undergraduate Scholarships Faculty/Department Priorities ---Please Select--- Centre for Teaching and Learning Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Graduate Studies Faculty of Human Kinetics Faculty of Law Faculty of Nursing Faculty of Science Odette School of Business Athletics ---Please Select--- Athletics & Recreational Trust Baseball Blue & Gold Scholarships Cross Country Curling Football Golf Men's Basketball Men's Hockey Men's Soccer Men's Volleyball Sports & Athletics Facilities Track & Field Women's Basketball Women's Fastpitch Women's Hockey Women's Soccer Women's Volleyball Other Additional Info * Title: Dr. Justice Miss. Mr. Mrs. Ms. Mx. Prof. * Given Name: Middle Name: * Last Name: * Affiliation with UWindsor: UWindsor Faculty/Staff UWindsor Graduate UWindsor Retiree Current UWindsor Student Parent of UWindsor Student Friend of UWindsor Affiliation Id: * Email Address: Tax receipt to be mailed to: Home Business * Company Name: * Address: Apartment: * City: * Province/State: * Postal/Zip Code: * Country: * Telephone: Ext: I/my partner work for a Matching Gift Company. Name of Company: In donor recognition listings, I would like my name to appear as: Please select all that apply: I wish to remain anonymous. Send me more information about gifts of securities/stock. I have already included UWindsor in my estate plans. Send me information about including UWindsor in my estate plans. Contact me regarding establishing a named scholarship. Select method of payment: Pay Online (Credit Card / Debit Card) Payroll Deduction Make a direct bank withdrawal from my account Payment Type: Biweekly payments of per pay Semimonthly payments of per pay One-time payroll deduction Please begin my payroll deduction commitment: Next pay period Upon completion of my current payroll deduction commitments Specific Date * Amount: one time per month for number of months: or until otherwise notified * Institution Number: ATB Financial Alberta Financial Bank (ATB Financial) Bank Of Montreal Bank Of Nova Scotia Banque Nationale Du Canada Banque Nationale de Paris (Canada) CIBC (Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce) Caisse Centrale Desjardins Caisse Pop Cote Des Neiges Canada Trust Canadian Western Bank Capital One Citibank Citizen's Bank of Canada Coast Capital Credit Union Duca Financial Services Credit Union HSBC Bank of Canada Hepcoe Credit Union Ltd ING Direct Canada Island Savings Credit Union Laurentian Bank of Canada Laurentienne MBNA Canada Bank National Bank Of Canada National Trust North York Community Credit Union Ltd. Ontario Civil Service Credit Union President Choice Financial Royal Bank Of Canada Savings Bank Sottomayor Bank Canada Teachers Credit Union The Civil Service Co-Op Credit Soc Ltd Toronto Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust) Valley Credit Union Ltd Vancouver City Savings Woodslee Credit Union Limited York Credit Union * Branch Number: Branch Name: * Bank Account Number: You may revoke your authorization to process the pre-authorized debit payments at any time, subject to providing notice of 30 days to the University of Windsor. To obtain a sample cancellation form, or for more information on your right to cancel a pre-authorized debit (PAD) agreement, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. You have certain recourse rights if any debit does not comply with the PAD agreement. For example, you have the right to receive reimbursement for any debit that is not authorized or is not consistent with the PAD agreement. To obtain more information on your recourse rights, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. You agree to waive your right to receive pre-notification of any debit under the PAD agreement. You acknowledge that you can request to make the changes to the pre-authorized debit amount indicated simply by contacting the University of Windsor. Annual Giving Chris Knack Coordinator, Annual Giving Program Alumni Affairs and Donor Communications University of Windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 4279 cknack@uwindsor.ca Designated Giving Krista Spagnuolo Development Assistant Campaign Office University of Windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 3229 krista2@uwindsor.ca ©2013 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 | (my2)https://www.google.ca/imghp?hl=en&tab=wi&ogbl Google Images Sign in Remove Report inappropriate predictions × images CanadaPrivacyTermsSettingsSearch settingsAdvanced searchHistorySearch HelpSend feedbackAdvertisingBusinessAbout How Search workshttps://www.google.ca/imghp?hl=en&tab=wi&ogbl Google Images Sign in Remove Report inappropriate predictions × images CanadaPrivacyTermsSettingsSearch settingsAdvanced searchHistorySearch HelpSend feedbackAdvertisingBusinessAbout How Search workshttps://www.google.ca/imghp?hl=en&tab=wi&ogbl Google Images Sign in Remove Report inappropriate predictions × images CanadaPrivacyTermsSettingsSearch settingsAdvanced searchHistorySearch HelpSend feedbackAdvertisingBusinessAbout How Search works