http://scholar.uwindsor.ca/uwilldiscover/ UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference | Conferences and Conference Proceedings | University of Windsor
 Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content University of Windsor My Account FAQ About Home Scholarship at UWindsor Home > CONFERENCES > UWillDiscover Follow Welcome to the home of the UWillDiscover Conference at the University of Windsor! UWill Discover 2019 UPDATE The 2019 UWill Discover! Conference will be held March 18 through March 21, 2019 on the University of Windsor campus! Download the 2019 Conference Program UWill Discover 2019 will be a 4-day event in which undergraduate and graduate students at the University of Windsor can present their research, scholarship, and creative work to their fellow students, friends and family, and the world! Be sure to check out all the videos, posters, and abstracts from our past presenters. Undergraduate students will not be competing against graduate students (and vice-versa) for awards. Consider submitting your research by clicking the submit proposal button on the right hand side of the page under the "Author Corner" heading. Registration is now live! If you plan on attending, please register by clicking HERE NOTE: If you are presenting, you do not have to register for the conference before submitting your work. Simply submitting your work also counts as registration. Workshops NEW: Workshops are available to help you craft your submission, prepare your presentation, and aid in professional networking. Scroll down for more information. Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Tuesday January 15, 2019 Time: 2:00-3:00 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Wednesday January 23, 2019 Time: 1:00-2:00 Facilitator: Kate Hargreaves, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Monday January 28, 2019 Time: 1:30-2:30 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! UWill Discover Introductory Remarks on Research Douglas Kneale: Interim President and Vice-Chancellor Browse the contents of UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference: UWill Discover 2019 The 2019 UWill Discover! Conference will be held March 18 through March 21, 2019 UWill Discover 2018 Celebrating research, scholarship and creative activity of University of Windsor undergraduates, 2018 UWill Discover 2017 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2017 UWill Discover 2016 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2016 UWill Discover 2015 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2015 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2016 Leddy Research Question Competition 2016 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2015 Leddy Research Question Competition 2015 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2014 Leddy Research Question Competition 2014 Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this collection in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Undergraduate Research Commons Browse Collections Disciplines Disciplines Authors Electronic Theses and Dissertations Author Corner Author FAQ How to Submit About Open Access UWill Discover Information Posters & Presentations Accommodations Other Undergrad Conferences Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyrighthttps://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/research-finance Research Finance | Finance Department Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Finance Department Finance Department Financial Accounting & Reporting Home Financial Accounting & Reporting 2020 Year End Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms Home Financial Accounting & Reporting 2020 Year End Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Financial Accounting & Reporting Research Finance Research Finance Mission & Vision Research Finance supports the University’s research community by managing the post-award functions for all research grants and contracts and acting as the University’s main point of contact with sponsor agencies. It provides financial advice, support, and assistance to researchers relating to the management of their research funds while working closely with funding agencies, researchers, administrative units, and the Office of Research and Innovation Services to ensure adherence to funding guidelines and policies. Research Finance’s Primary Responsibilities Include the Following: Administering and accounting for the research funds received by the University Monitoring cash flow and expenditures to ensure financial accountability Communicating with funding agencies Monitoring approved budgets for research projects Performing financial reporting Preparing and submitting financial reports to sponsors and funding agencies Coordinating internal and external research-related audits Requesting invoices for research funds in accordance with sponsor terms and conditions Ensuring all research-funded expenditures, budgets, and financial reports are compliant with University policies, the terms of the agreement, and granting agency rules Research Finance is your first contact for issues that arise after a grant has been awarded. Researchers are required to follow every policy the University has plus any additional policies enacted by the granting institution. Research Finance can halt any expenditures and purchase orders that are noncompliant. Faculty members who successfully manage their grants with high levels of efficiency and effectiveness are usually in close touch with the Research Finance administrator assigned to their grant. Each Primary Investigator’s Research Finance contact is a knowledgeable advisor who is well placed to answer any questions or clarify any uncertainties you or a faculty member within your department might have. Opening New Grants and Establishing Signing Authorities The Office of Research and Innovation Services (ORIS) is responsible for all pre-award manners related to grants. It is the main contact for faculty members who are in the process of applying for a grant. Once a grant has been awarded by the funding authority, ORIS organizes the account, ensures there is ethics approval in place and instructs Research Finance to open the grant in the University’s financial system. From that point onwards the grant is effectively managed by Research Finance until it ends. ORIS informs Research Finance when a grant is ready to be opened. When Research Finance receives that notification, the PI will receive a letter informing them of the grant number and the budget. You will also be assigned a staff member in the Office to support you throughout your grant. PIs are able to grant signing authority for purchase orders and invoices to other individuals on campus by completing the form attached to the letter. Even when signing authority is assigned, the PI is still responsible for all charges incurred. Grant Signing Authority Form Hiring Students for Research There are a variety of forms that are required when hiring a student or non-student and as for completing the process to ensure that they are paid. The complete list of information is found on the page - Grant-Funded Research Personnel on the Research Innovation website. In accordance with CRA rules, students working on research grants are paid as an employee (with deductions for taxes, CPP, and EI, etc.), not via scholarship. Research Finance can help you determine the cost of hiring a student when considering the cost of benefits (employer’s amount of payroll taxes). As a general rule, basic benefits that will be charged to the grant are charged at approximately 10%. Purchasing and Travelling for Research The University has a Travel Expense Form and Policy to support PIs travelling for research purposes. The University’s Procurement and Payables Department is here to help you with all your other purchasing and reimbursement needs. Invoicing, Milestones, and Reporting for your Research Grants Many externally funded grants require some financial reporting by the University and/or require that the University issue an invoice to the granting agency in order to receive payment. Research Finance is here to help you with all invoicing and reporting needs. Grant Statements From the time when you are awarded a grant until the grant’s expiration, you will receive a set of Monthly Research Grant Report statements. These statements will show your grant spending for the period ended, the “life to date” expenditures, and a payroll report detailing the transactions charged to your grant. Research Finance is here to help you interpret these reports and use the information to make timely decisions about your research. External Research Policies and Procedures NSERC Policy CIHR Grants/Awards NSERC Guide for Professors SSHRC Grantholder's Guide FDSR Resources NSERC Reporting/Supporting Evidence FDSR Frequently Asked Questions General FAQ Online Services Helpdesk (OLS-HD) Phone: 1-613-995-4273 Email: webapp@nserc-crsng.gc.ca Monday to Friday: 8am to 5pm Contact Information Elaine Clark Research Finance Manager (Acting) (519) 253-3000 ext 2141 Miguel Pebenito Senior Research Grant Accountant (519) 253-3000, ext 2132 CFI, OIT, Sharc-Net, HRDC, All other funding agencies, Contracts & Contribution Agreements Paul Scobie Research Grant Accountant (519) 253-3000, ext 2121 Provincial Grants, Non Tri-Council Health related grants Phoebe Zheng Research Grant Accountant (519) 253-3000, ext 2129 SSHRC/NSERC/CIHR, CRC, MITACS Sandra Divic-Trudelle Research Grant Accounting Clerk (Part-Time) (519) 253-3000, ext 2134 Start up grants, Internal Overhead grants, general inquiry Research Finance Joyce Entrepreneurship Centre, room 160 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 resfinance@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram