https://blackboard.uwindsor.ca/ Blackboard Learn Blackboard Learn ™ View Options Change Text Size High Contrast Setting Available languages: Available languages: English US (UWIndsor) Español (España?)? Français (France?)? Italiano (Italia?)? Log in with your UWinID (UWBBAPP05) Test Account Login Please enable JavaScript in your browser for the Blackboard application to function. Have an account? Please enter your credentials and click the Login button below. Username Password Sign in with third-party account Login with Azure (Internal Testing Only) Login using your UWinID Welcome to the Blackboard e-Education platform—designed to enable educational innovations everywhere by connecting people and technology. System Announcements Blackboard Regular Maintenance Periods (Friday, August 9, 2019) Blackboard will be unavailable each morning, Monday through Friday, from 5:00 to 6:00 AM for system maintenance. We apologize for any interruption of service during this time. Important Links for Using Blackboard (Monday, August 20, 2018) Are you looking for some support with using Blackboard? Here are a few important links to help you: UWindsor's Blackboard Online Self-Help for Instructors, Students, and GATAs Something not quite right with Blackboard? Submit a Service Request Ticket Your UWinid not logging you in? Use the information on the UWinID site to troubleshoot ITS HotNews for any critical updates from ITS systems and services UWindsor's Blackboard Project Site Copyright Help (Saturday, March 28, 2015) Blackboard and Copyright The University of Windsor promotes best practices regarding the use of copyrighted materials, including compliance with all applicable legislation. Members of the university community must become aware of how the Copyright Act impacts their activities on campus, including their use of Blackboard, and ensure compliance with this law. We have added a "Copyright Help" link to Blackboard's navigation menu, on the left-hand side of the screen. Please take time to visit this link and to learn more about copyright law and the options available for the use of copyrighted works in Blackboard. Fair Dealing: Copying Guidelines for Faculty & Staff © 1997-2019 Blackboard Inc. All Rights Reserved. U.S. Patent No. 7,493,396 and 7,558,853. Additional Patents Pending. Accessibility informationhttp://uwindsor.ca/coronavirus Coronavirus Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Coronavirus In this section Novel Coronavirus: Update and Information Coronavirus FAQ Information for Students Resources for Instructors Resources for Researchers Working Remotely Taking Care of Yourself Updates for Future Students Event and Facility Updates Finance Mental Health & Wellbeing Portal Community Engagement Novel Coronavirus: Update and Information Coronavirus FAQ Information for Students Resources for Instructors Resources for Researchers Working Remotely Taking Care of Yourself Updates for Future Students Event and Facility Updates Finance Mental Health & Wellbeing Portal Community Engagement UWindsor Home Coronavirus Updates and Information Updates and Information The University of Windsor has now moved to an “essential services only” model, and most of our faculty and staff are working remotely. This is to support both the federal and provincial initiatives to help mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 virus, and to protect the health and safety of our campus community. With so many faculty and staff now working off campus, we ask that in addition to any phone messages you leave, please follow up with an email to the individual you are trying to reach. Individual email addresses can be found in the University Directory. Thank you for your understanding. This website is updated as the University of Windsor learns new information regarding the Novel Coronavirus Update March 27, 2020 University of Windsor's Dr. Matt Scholl provides an update on the COVID-19 pandemic and discusses physical distancing, travel and how to disinfect when leaving the house. Update March 26, 2020 New Grading Choices for Students in Response to COVID-19 Dear University of Windsor students, The transitions over the past few weeks in response to COVID-19 have been very challenging for everyone. The University is working hard to preserve your academic experience and protect your health and safety. In response to the difficulties that many students are facing because of COVID-19, the University is announcing revised grading regulations to provide you with new flexibility in deciding how your academic performance is recorded for the Winter 2020 semester. Here’s how it works. Once your final grades have been uploaded to the system, you will have three options. For each course you took in Winter 2020, you can choose: To accept the final course grade assigned by your professor; To request a Pass/Non-Pass grade based on the minimum required passing grade in your program; To voluntarily withdraw from the course without academic penalty. Please note that this process will not affect the approval of your candidacy for graduation. Students should be aware that some professional schools and graduate programs take the number of Pass/Non-Pass courses or voluntary withdrawals into account when evaluating candidates. Students are encouraged to check with the institutions they are thinking of applying to regarding this question. The University is exploring the possibility of designating voluntary withdrawals from the Winter 2020 semester with a “COVID-19” code. Information on dates and procedures for making these choices will be communicated soon. This process will not begin until after your final marks have been uploaded to the system and the student choice portal has been opened. NOTE: The above regulations will apply to all students with the exception of pre-service students in the Faculty of Education and students in the Faculty of Law. Please check with your Dean for more information. - Douglas Kneale, Provost and Vice-President, Academic To the University of Windsor Campus Community: The University of Windsor began operating on an essential services only model on March 18, and will continue to do so following the Ontario Government’s announcement this week detailing a list of essential workplaces that can operate on-site services. Along with the move to essential services only, the University began asking those employees who were able to work remotely from home to do so, and the Ontario Government directive allows this to continue. The Government’s action comes in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, and the University continues to support both federal and provincial initiatives to help mitigate the spread of the virus. The University of Windsor is committed to doing its part in this regard as it places both the health and safety of our campus and regional community at the forefront. The following roles have been identified as some essential services areas that can continue to operate on campus as required: Student Health Services Campus Community Police Energy Conversion Centre Central Animal Care Facility Facility Services Food Services Financial Services Human Resources Information Technology Services Residence Services Senior Administration Construction work and services We will be providing additional information on a regular basis and encourage the campus community to continue to visit our COVID-19 website. We know that everyone is doing their very best to deal with these extraordinary circumstances, and again thank you for your patience and support for our entire institution during this difficult period. — Robert Gordon, President Update March 25, 2020 Effective March 23rd, Food Services is implementing the departments meal plan carry forward policy for students who live in residence. Meal Plan holders will be entitled to a prorated credit on their closing meal plan balance on April 21, 2020. We are anticipating the credit will be applied to your flex account by May 15th. For students returning to residence for the Fall 2020 semester, your meal plan credit can be applied to the cost of your Fall 2020 meal plan installment. For those students not returning to the University for the Fall 2020 semester, we ask that you contact the UwinCARD Office after May 15th to discuss our refund policy. - Food Services Update March 24, 2020 University of Windsor Chancellor Mary Jo Haddad has announced that Spring 2020 convocation ceremonies will be postponed in order to deal with the spread of COVID-19 and the need to support social distancing strategies. “Convocation is a very special time for the entire university community,” said Chancellor Haddad. “Though we are all disappointed we can’t celebrate our students’ achievements in the usual way, please know that your health and safety is our primary decision-making driver during these unprecedented times.” Spring degrees will be awarded in absentia for those eligible students who have applied to graduate. Senate is expected to approve eligible candidates at its May 22, 2020 meeting. The Office of the Registrar will then begin to courier diplomas to graduates. Those wishing to purchase a diploma frame should connect with the Alumni Association at alumni@uwindsor.ca. In the coming months, once plans for the Fall convocation ceremonies are finalized, the Office of the Registrar will reach out to invite Spring graduands and their families to participate in the Fall ceremonies. All graduating students will have an opportunity to celebrate and be recognized as part of these ceremonies. Students who successfully completed degree requirements in the Fall 2019 term are eligible to apply for an early release of their degree which can be accessed by following these steps: Students must specifically request the diploma by submitting a formal request to the University Registrar through the Convocation Coordinator shari@uwindsor.ca The request may be delivered electronically or by post. The requirement to provide supporting documentation (such as a copy of an Offer of Employment) in order for early release of diplomas will be waived by the University of Windsor Registrar for this year only. Students must have applied online to graduate, by the deadline date, in the usual manner indicating the degree, diploma or certificate sought. The Office of the Registrar will confirm eligibility and consult with the Dean of the Faculty (or designate) regarding each request. The names of all early diploma recipients will be submitted to the University of Windsor Senate for information at the next regularly scheduled meeting, at which time the list of candidates for degrees will be considered for approval. Update March 20, 2020 To the University of Windsor Campus Community: As the week winds down, I want to thank everyone – our students, staff and faculty – for their tremendous contributions and patience over the past few days. As we have mentioned, these are unprecedented and difficult times for our University – our region, country and the entire world – as we find ways to deal with the COVID-19 virus. First and foremost, we continue to do everything we possibly can to ensure the health and safety of the members of our community. This past Monday, life on campus began changing dramatically for all of us when traditional classes were cancelled so we could move to different modes of course delivery just three days later. The same day, Thursday, we also moved to an essential-services-only model with the majority of our staff and faculty working remotely. I don’t think anyone imagined we would ever be facing such an enormous challenge, but everyone has played a huge role in helping to not only face the challenge, but find new and innovative ways to meet our commitment to our programs and our students. First, I want to thank everyone for taking this situation so seriously and also recognizing the urgency of acting appropriately and responsibly. If someone asked me a couple of weeks ago about the likelihood of moving the entire university to alternative delivery of our courses and exams, I would have said it was virtually impossible. We are a strong and resilient community, and everyone should be proud of what they have accomplished in such a short and challenging period. Your efforts are greatly appreciated. There will be more to do as we head into what is uncharted territory, but I believe we are on the right track. And we will continue to place the health and well-being of everyone in our community at the heart of what we do. Please continue to remember that there are also some very basic things we can do to reduce the risk of spreading the virus. During the past few days and evenings, I have been walking around campus, and have noticed a few groups congregating on a few occasions. Please remember that during these extraordinary times we must use our best judgement and maintain a safe distance apart from others. Social distancing means deliberately increasing the physical separation between people to avoid spreading illness, and in this case COVID-19. To reduce the risk, and as a rule, you should stay at least 6 feet or 2 meters away from others. Social distancing, however, doesn’t mean we can’t get together or talk to one another. But also remember that there are plenty of other approaches and technologies that you can use to support your ongoing communications with others. And perhaps most important of all, be kind to each other, and help each other. I know we will get through this uncertain time. And we will continue to keep you informed over the coming days through emails and our COVID-19 information website. Again, as the week ends, I’m grateful for everyone’s efforts, and have a safe weekend. — Rob Gordon, President Dr. Matt Scholl provides an update on the COVID-19 pandemic and outlines resources available to students, faculty and staff who may be feeling stressed or anxious during this unprecedented time. Update March 18, 2020 University of Windsor President Robert Gordon provides an update to students, faculty and staff about COVID-19. Update March 17, 2020 To the University of Windsor campus community: In these unprecedented times, we are closing the Leddy Library and the Law Library buildings effective Tuesday, March 17 at 4:30 p.m. and moving to a remote working environment starting on Wednesday, March 18. Regular hours of service during this time will be 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Monday to Friday. The Leddy Library will continue to support access to all online resources as well as other remote services. For more information about ongoing library services, please visit: http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/library-services-during-disruption. Faculty, students, and staff will be able to communicate with the library to ask questions and get assistance through a variety of channels. This includes: research support from your librarians technical support for e-resources support with the online course reserves system. At this time, borrowing and lending of physical materials is suspended. This means that if you have a book that is coming due, you do not need to return it and no fines will be incurred. Please ignore any email notices that you receive regarding fines and fees until further notice. For general inquiries, please email: leddylibrary@uwindsor.ca. This email will be monitored daily Monday through Friday 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. We thank you for your patience during this time as we work with you during this transition. — Douglas Kneale, Provost and Vice-President, Academic Exam update for students Alternatives to in-person examinations are being implemented: students will not be required to be on campus to complete final exams. The voluntary withdrawal date has been extended until April 3, 2020, at 11:59 p.m. for eligible courses, which do not include courses in Law or courses that have already been completed. You can withdraw through your self-service page, as you would normally do. If you have any questions on how to drop your course through UWinsite Student, please click on the following link: http://ask.uwindsor.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/365 The dates for opening registration for Inter/Summer courses will be delayed. This is to help ensure that the registration period does not interfere with completing the course requirements of your current semester. The revised dates for Inter/Summer registration will be communicated as soon as possible. The Office of the Registrar, the Student Awards & Financial Aid Office and the Cashier’s Office are closed to walk-in traffic as part of the University’s COVID-19 response. Staff in all three offices continue to work. Please visit www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/540/contact-us, www.uwindsor.ca/studentawards/415/covid-19-updates and/or www.uwindsor.ca/finance/student-accounts for current contact information. Update March 16, 2020 With the rapidly evolving COVID-19 pandemic and in support of both federal and provincial initiatives to help mitigate the spread of the virus, the University of Windsor continues to do its part in this regard, with the health and safety of our community at the forefront. We have made the decision that, effective Wednesday, March 18, the University of Windsor will transition to an essential services only model, and will be asking those employees who are able to work remotely from home, to do so. The following have been identified as some essential services areas: Student Health Services Campus Community Police Energy Conversion Centre Central Animal Care Facility Facility Services Food Services Financial Services Human Resources Information Technology Services Residence Services Senior Administration Managers and supervisors with responsibilities for essential services areas will be identifying individuals and positions within those areas who will be required to continue to report to work and will work with those employees on scheduling and discuss any other matters that may arise. Where managers deem it appropriate for employees to work remotely, they will work with those employees on the transition and logistics of this. We know that everyone is doing the best they can under some very extraordinary circumstances and we greatly appreciate all of your ongoing efforts. We don’t know the duration of these new measures and we will continue to provide updates regularly. I want to again thank everyone for your patience and support for our institution during this difficult period. Thanks. —Robert Gordon, President Update March 16, 2020 We have all been learning more about 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) and precautions that we are being asked to take as this issue continues to evolve. Further to our update of Friday, March 13, important new information is now available for those individuals who are returning from travel outside of Canada. The Government of Canada is recommending that individuals who return from travel outside of Canada “self-isolate” for a period of 14 days. The University of Windsor supports the government’s decision and strongly urges all faculty and staff who are returning from travel outside of Canada to follow the advice and directions provided on https://travel.gc.ca/travelling/health-safety/travel-health-notices/221 We are therefore asking that employees who need to self-isolate notify the University as you ordinarily would if you are unable to be at work. As well, if you are able to work remotely while in self-isolation, please work with your supervisor to make those arrangements. All benefits and payment of salaries and wages will continue during this self-isolation. Following the Government of Canada’s recommendations on travel, we will provide needed support to the efforts of federal and provincial health agencies to deal with, and contain, the COVID-19 outbreak as effectively and quickly as possible. Faculty and staff are reminded that if at any time you develop COVID-19 symptoms – including fever, cough or have difficulty breathing – to please seek advice and attention from your family doctor, and do not come to work. You will continue to be paid. During these unprecedented times, a doctor’s note will not be required so as to reduce any unnecessary pressure on our medical system. We also know that many of our staff and faculty have children who will be affected by the closure of the publicly funded K-12 schools for two weeks after the March break, and we will support those individuals who need to be away from work during this period, by granting vacation or other leave, should it be necessary. I want to again reassure our entire campus community that we are taking appropriate measures to deal with the impact of COVID-19 and are focusing on safeguarding the health and safety of our campus community. We continue to diligently monitor the rapidly changing situation on an ongoing basis. During the past few days, the leadership across our institution has been incredible in supporting the complex transition of all courses to alternative delivery methods from face to face. These efforts will immediately and significantly reduce the number of people on campus. The University will continue to remain open at this time. This may, however, change, and if necessary will consider moving to a model that provides essential services. In this situation, we would be working further to identify and communicate with those positions deemed to be essential. We are also presently developing plans to support the delivery of examinations in alternative formats with details being provided to our campus community shortly. We continue to further review options for working from home, as this may become necessary moving forward. The University’s Pandemic Planning Committee and Executive Leadership Group are both meeting throughout the week to monitor our situation. And we continue to follow the leads of both the federal and provincial public health agencies. We will be providing additional information on a regular basis and encourage the campus community to continue to visit our COVID-19 website. —Robert Gordon, President Update March 14, 2020 With the developments surrounding COVID-19 quickly evolving, UWindsor’s Dr. Matt Scholl provides an update on the current situation on campus and abroad. Having trouble viewing the video? Click here to view it on Facebook. Update March 13, 2020 To the Campus Community: The University of Windsor continues to move forward to protect the health and safety of our campus community and support the work of public health agencies in the face of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. The University of Windsor Senate unanimously approved an Emergency Academic Plan late this afternoon. It is an extremely important measure and will provide a great deal of support and flexibility in the University’s efforts to effectively deal with COVID-19. The Emergency Academic Plan will have an immediate impact on academic programs and includes: — All classes will be cancelled on Monday, March 16; Tuesday, March 17; and Wednesday, March 18. — This will provide time for faculty - after consultation with deans, associate deans and department heads - to alter the delivery of classes away from face to face to other forms of delivery including online. — Beginning on Thursday, March 19 all courses will resume in their new form of delivery. — Moving forward, an alternative delivery of examinations will also be considered. The University is asking a great deal of everyone at this time, and these measures will require an enormous effort on the part of faculty and staff across the institution. The University greatly appreciates the commitment and effort of everyone who will be involved in this unprecedented process. As well, the understanding of students and parents at this time is also appreciated so that the academic year can be completed in an environment that will minimize risk to everyone. The transition will require the patience of our entire institution, as there are still many questions to answer. But we are confident the commitment and dedication of our campus community will ensure success. The University will remain open but there are other related issues we would like to announce: Residences will continue to operate until further notice. Library services, food services, student health services and other student services will continue to be available. Until further notice, we will be cancelling or postponing all non-essential University events both on and off campus. Over the past few days, we have heard many concerns from both students and parents. We feel the focus on moving to alternative modes of delivery coupled with cancelling or postponing all non-essential University events is the right thing to do given the growing concerns over COVID-19, and our ongoing commitment to keep members of the campus community healthy and safe. We will continue to provide additional information on a regular basis. Update March 13, 2020 In response to the World Health Organization’s declaration of a global pandemic due to the spread of 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), and in alignment with the Government of Canada’s Travel Health Notices as of March 12, the University of Windsor has decided to restrict work-related travel to China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iran, Japan, Italy, Singapore, South Korea, and Spain until further notice. This list may change and is updated here. As a result, all University-sponsored travel to these areas has been suspended until further notice. This includes research placement, field courses, conference travel, or any other travel that has been previously approved, authorized, or supported by the University of Windsor. Given the fluidity of the COVID-19 issue, the University recommends any travel be reconsidered. The University has also been in contact with our students who are currently in countries designated as risk areas to ensure their well-being. The University recognizes that restricting travel may affect students, faculty members and staff. Students should consult their supervisor or those responsible for their program to assess potential alternatives. Faculty and staff members are encouraged to share any travel plans to the areas listed by the Government of Canada with their deans or directors. Anyone returning from areas designated as risk areas by the Government of Canada should follow travel warnings and guidance that can be found on the Global Affairs Canada travel advisory website. Students, staff, and faculty planning to travel internationally should also check with their health-care provider for out-of-country benefits. Members of Green Shield Canada can link to its site for specific info. The University will make every effort to prevent or mitigate any potential impact on academic activities and to ensure the health and safety of our campus community. Update March 12, 2020 To our entire University of Windsor Community: I want everyone to know that the University of Windsor is actively monitoring issues and responding to concerns associated with the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). At this time, the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit continues to report that there are no confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Windsor and Essex County, and that the overall risk remains low for local residents and our campus community. But there is obviously increasing concern now that the World Health Organization has declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic, and the University must be in a position to respond if any cases of the virus are confirmed in Windsor-Essex. We are following the advice of health-care professionals and are in constant contact with many Ontario universities to share information. We are actively planning for the remainder of the academic semester including classes and examinations as well as on-campus events. Presently, we are working to find ways to support a range of delivery methods as alternatives to face-to-face classes that professors and instructors can adopt. More information about potentially moving to online courses and alternative delivery methods will be available soon to support faculty and instructors, should this become necessary. With regard to the final examination period, at this time there is no change to the schedule. Should decisions be made to alter the schedule, we will communicate this. The health and safety of members of the campus community remains and will continue to remain our top priority. We encourage everyone to exercise discretion and to follow the guidelines for illness prevention outlined on the Government of Ontario Coronavirus website. Although the University of Windsor has not made any determinations with regard to the holding of events for large groups, we encourage individuals to consider the risks involved to both participants and the general public, in deciding whether or not to continue. We are continuing to monitor this situation very closely. Students, staff and faculty are encouraged to visit our information website, which is regularly updated. It provides up-to-date information to our community members on prevention, best public health practices, risks, as well as links to a wide-range of other websites providing information related to COVID-19. The University has also made answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) on COVID-19 available to the campus community. We have also established a Pandemic Planning Committee which meets regularly and is reviewing all aspects of how we minimize risk to our community and also support the development of emergency preparedness strategies going forward. The committee is also co-ordinating efforts through ongoing co-operation with other post-secondary institutions; the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit; and both the provincial and federal governments through the Council of Ontario Universities and Universities Canada. The senior management of the University of Windsor is also meeting, on a daily basis, to assist with information flow and risk mitigation. Here is a list of other resources: Students, staff, or faculty can also consult the Ontario government webpage — www.ontario.ca/coronavirus — for further information on symptoms, prevention, and travel-health advice. For students with immediate concerns about their health, please make an appointment with Student Health, Counselling and Wellness Services, which is located on the second floor of the CAW Student Centre (519-973-7002), or contact your off-campus physician. Information is also available on the Student Health Services website. Faculty and staff with health concerns, please contact your health-care provider. Links to additional information and resources on COVID-19 can be found at: https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection.html https://www.publichealthontario.ca/en/diseases-and-conditions/infectious-diseases/respiratory-diseases/novel-coronavirus https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/index.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWTszCYPu90 We know the uncertainties of this rapidly changing situation are creating many challenges on campus. We are working to safeguard the health and safety of the campus community, and will be in touch regularly with more information. —Robert Gordon Update March 10, 2020 At this time, the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit has reported that there are no cases of COVID-19 in Windsor and Essex County, and the overall risk remains low for local residents and the campus community. The University remains in close touch with the health unit, which continues to monitor the global outbreak and is working with its health system partners to respond if any cases of COVID-19 are confirmed in Windsor-Essex. As a result of the spread of COVID-19, and as a precaution, the University has also re-established a pandemic planning committee. This committee will initially review the steps taken to date, consider the next steps for the University to further protect the health and safety of the entire community, and also develop emergency preparedness strategies forward. Windsor Regional Hospital also released a statement Friday that could affect some members of the campus community: “Effective today (Friday, March 5), with or without any symptoms, all staff (employees, professional staff , and volunteers) who return from travel outside of Canada to the following countries (China, Iran, Northern Italy, Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore) must talk to and obtain clearance from an Employee Health Nurse prior to return to the Windsor Regional Hospital.” The University has made answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) on COVID-19 available to the campus community. See question #5 in the FAQ document to learn about the various actions the University is taking to address this issue. Students, staff, or faculty may also consult the Ontario government webpage — www.ontario.ca/coronavirus — for further information on symptoms, prevention, and travel-health advice. Students with immediate concerns about their health should make an appointment with Student Health, Counselling and Wellness Services, which is located on the second floor of the CAW Student Centre (519-973-7002), or contact their off-campus physicians. Information is also available on the Student Health Services website. Faculty and staff with health concerns should contact their health-care providers. Links to additional information and resources on COVID-19 can be found at: https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection.html https://www.publichealthontario.ca/en/diseases-and-conditions/infectious-diseases/respiratory-diseases/novel-coronavirus https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/index.html https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWTszCYPu90 Update March 6, 2020 Dr. Matt Scholl, lead physician with student health services at the University of Windsor, provides an update on COVID-19 and shares new tips on what students can do to stay healthy and happy here on campus. Update March 4, 2020 The University of Windsor continues to update the website and monitor the ongoing coronavirus situation. To date, there are still NO cases of 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Windsor and Essex County. The overall risk is LOW for residents of Windsor and Essex County, and therefore the risk is also low for our campus community. The symptoms of the 2019 novel coronavirus, which can include fever and cough, are similar to other respiratory infections, including influenza. To reduce the spread of germs and viruses including the flu and the coronavirus the Windsor Essex Health Unit advises community members to: Wash hands often with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer. Avoid touching eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Avoid close contact with people who are ill. Stay home when you are ill. Cover a cough or sneeze with a tissue, then immediately throw the tissue in the garbage and wash your hands. If you don’t have a tissue, sneeze or cough into your sleeve or arm. Clean and disinfect objects and surfaces that are frequently touched. At the University of Windsor, we must continue to support each other with respect and care. We urge our campus community not to make assumptions about the risk of students, staff or faculty based on their ethnicity or travel history. It is important not to contribute to the spread of misinformation and fear, and to be mindful of unverified information. We ask that our campus community approach one another with kindness and empathy until the situation has resolved. Update February 13, 2020 The University of Windsor continues to monitor the ongoing situation with the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) and is closely following advice from local, provincial and national public health officials. With Reading Week approaching, we recognize students, faculty and staff may have or may be considering, travel plans. The University of Windsor community is reminded of the Government of Canada’s advisories on travel to China. The government is urging Canadians to avoid all travel to Hubei Province, to avoid all non-essential travel to China and is asking Canadians in China to consider leaving the country if their presence isn’t essential. Numerous air carriers around the world are cancelling all flights to Beijing and Shanghai, and there has been an increase in travel restrictions for international travel. Travellers should anticipate increased health screening measures at points of entry for international destinations, including airports, even if travellers have not visited China recently.? The Windsor-Essex County Health Unit has issued an important directive for travellers returning to Canada from Hubei, China and mainland China. Update January 31, 2020 UWindsor's Dr. Matt Scholl, lead physician with student health services, breaks down some misconceptions about the novel coronavirus and offers some tips on how to stay healthy this flu season. Update January 27, 2020 While there are no known cases of the virus in Windsor-Essex region, the staff at the University of Windsor continue to work with public health officials and closely monitor the campus for any signs of concern. A new strain of the coronavirus — Novel Coronavirus, or 2019-nCoV — has been identified as the cause of an outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, China. Public Health officials, including those in Windsor, say the risk of infection in Ontario is currently low but the issue is evolving. Health Canada, Public Health Ontario and the Windsor and Essex County Health Unit are all monitoring the coronavirus situation. The University of Windsor will take direction from these agencies and provide updates if significant changes to the local situation arise. For the latest information on symptoms, prevention, and travel-health advice, please visit Health Canada online or Public Health Ontario. The Center for Disease Control in the US is another excellent resource. UWindsor Health, Counselling and Wellness Services, routinely screen all students who attend its clinic on the second floor of the CAW for recent travel and follow other precautions for anyone with potentially infectious respiratory symptoms, no matter where they have been. As such, students who are presenting with flu-like symptoms will be asked about their recent travels. Protect Yourself and Others: As with any flu season, you can help protect yourself and others by doing the following: Thoroughly wash your hands often with soap and water. Don’t touch your eyes, nose or mouth with unwashed hands. Avoid sharing personal items. Clean hard surfaces in shared spaces with disinfectant. Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Use hand sanitizers regularly. If you have cold-like symptoms, please: Stay home while sick. Avoid close contact with others. Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze, then throw the tissue in the trash and wash your hands. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth. Clean and disinfect objects and surfaces. Avoid contact with others who are sick and do not travel while sick. If your symptoms escalate, contact your off-campus health-care provider or UWindsor’s Student Health, Counselling and Wellness Centre. Important Information for UWindsor Chinese Students: If you are a student from China and you have concerns about your health or you are trying to make sense of developments in China at this time, know that you have several resources available to you at UWindsor for support. In addition to the health clinic on the second floor of the CAW Student Centre, there is also the Student Counselling Centre, where you can connect with a counsellor. Another great resource for emotional support is the MySSP program. This 24-7 telecounselling and texting line has counsellors who speak Chinese. This line is free to UWindsor students, including those enrolled in ELIP and is confidential. Download the MySSP app on your phone. While the University understands that this is an important matter and that ongoing news coming out of China is concerning, know that the risk for persons living in Ontario is low and that there is a robust public health network to identify and manage this kind of situation. Who should I contact at UWindsor if I have questions? Contacts for UWindsor students: Student Health Services 519-973-7002 Contacts for UWindsor employees: Contact your family doctor or Telehealth Ontario at 1-866-797-0000 share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagramhttps://www.google.ca/intl/en/about/products?tab=wh Browse All of Google's Products & Services - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Radically helpful things Made by Google. Learn More Product news {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Search & explore Watch & play Devices made by Google Use anywhere Talk & text Stay organized Work smarter Grow your business All products Search & explore Search Ask questions. Find answers. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Translate Speak, scan, type, or draw to translate in over 100 languages. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Chrome One fast, simple, and secure browser for all your devices. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Maps Explore your neighborhood and get around with real-time traffic information. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Maps Take control of your commute with Google Maps Get started Watch & play YouTube Music A new music streaming app. Made by YouTube. Get started Learn more Listen on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Chromecast Stream movies, music and more from your phone to your TV. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Google Play Movies & TV The newest releases, plus all your favorites, even on your TV. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support YouTube Discover, watch, and share your favorite videos and music. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Youtube How a father used YouTube to make his daughter a better prosthetic eye Learn more Devices made by Google Pixel The phone with the best of Google, all in one place. Learn More Support Connected Home Introducing Google Nest. Welcome to the helpful home. Learn more Support Pixelbook Go The go-there, do?that Chromebook. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Nest Wifi Nest Wifi blankets your whole home in fast, reliable Wi?Fi and keeps buffering at bay in every room. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Pixel Make every day more extraordinary with Pixel 3 Find out how Use anywhere Android Auto Voice actions, navigation, and music - now in your car. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Android OS The platform that gets better every day. Learn More Support Wear OS by Google Make every minute matter – track fitness, stay connected, stay ahead. Learn More Support Chromebook Speedy, secure and smart devices that run Chrome OS. Get started Learn more Browse Chromebooks Support Wear OS by Google Health and help are just a swipe away Get started Talk & text Gmail Get more done with email by Google. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Messages Simple, helpful messaging to help you connect with those who matter. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Google Duo Simple, high quality video calling for Android and iOS. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Hangouts Chat An intelligent and secure messaging platform built for teams. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Gmail Five ways the new Gmail can help you get more done Learn more Stay organized Google Photos All your photos, organized, and easy to find. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Contacts Keep your address book clean, safely backed up, and available everywhere. Get started Use on the web Get it on Google Play Support Calendar Organize your schedule and share events with those in your life. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Keep Save your thoughts as notes, lists, and voice memos from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Photos A new way to share that’s always up to date Get started Work smarter Docs All your documents, editable and shareable, wherever you are. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Slides Tell stories with presentations you can create and take anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Drive A safe place to keep, access, and share your files. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Sheets Smart spreadsheets you can work on from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support G Suite Keeping track of work in G Suite Find out how Grow your business Google Ads Show up when customers search for what you offer. Get started Learn more Sign up Support AdSense Monetize your content with ads. Get started Learn more Sign up Support Analytics Gain customer insights across your channels. Get started Learn more Sign up Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google My Business Stand out to customers looking for you on Google Search and Maps, for free. Get started Learn more Start Now Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google Ads Drive better results with the latest Google Ads innovations Learn more All products For all Android Auto Android OS Calendar Cardboard Chrome Chrome Web Store Chromebook Chromecast Connected Home Contacts Daydream View Docs Drive Earth Finance Forms Gboard Gmail Google Alerts Google Cast Google Classroom Google Cloud Print Google Duo Google Expeditions Google Fi Google Fit Google Flights Google Fonts Google Groups Google One Google Pay Google Photos Google Play Google Play Books Google Play Games Google Play Movies & TV Google Play Music Google Shopping Google Store Google Street View Hangouts Hangouts Chat Keep Maps Messages Nest Wifi News Pixel Pixelbook Go Play Protect Scholar Search Sheets Sites Slides Tilt Brush Translate Voice Waze Wear OS by Google YouTube YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube TV For business AdMob AdSense Analytics Android Assistant Blogger Chrome Data Studio DoubleClick by Google G Suite Google Ads Google Cloud Platform Google Digital Garage Google Domains Google Enterprise Search Google Manufacturer Center Google Maps Platform Google Merchant Center Google My Business Google Shopping Campaigns Google Surveys Google Tag Manager Google Trends Google Web Designer Google+ Brands Optimize Search Console Shopping Actions Waze Local For developers App Testing Cloud Computing Devices Engagement Game Services Growth Maps + Location Messaging + Notifications Monetization Monitoring Payments Sign in + Identity Storage + Sync Visit developer.google.com/products for the complete list of our latest developer products and tools including documentation, examples, community forums and more. Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Termshttps://www.google.ca/intl/en/about/products?tab=wh Browse All of Google's Products & Services - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Radically helpful things Made by Google. Learn More Product news {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Search & explore Watch & play Devices made by Google Use anywhere Talk & text Stay organized Work smarter Grow your business All products Search & explore Search Ask questions. Find answers. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Translate Speak, scan, type, or draw to translate in over 100 languages. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Chrome One fast, simple, and secure browser for all your devices. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Maps Explore your neighborhood and get around with real-time traffic information. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Maps Take control of your commute with Google Maps Get started Watch & play YouTube Music A new music streaming app. Made by YouTube. Get started Learn more Listen on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Chromecast Stream movies, music and more from your phone to your TV. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Google Play Movies & TV The newest releases, plus all your favorites, even on your TV. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support YouTube Discover, watch, and share your favorite videos and music. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Youtube How a father used YouTube to make his daughter a better prosthetic eye Learn more Devices made by Google Pixel The phone with the best of Google, all in one place. Learn More Support Connected Home Introducing Google Nest. Welcome to the helpful home. Learn more Support Pixelbook Go The go-there, do?that Chromebook. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Nest Wifi Nest Wifi blankets your whole home in fast, reliable Wi?Fi and keeps buffering at bay in every room. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Pixel Make every day more extraordinary with Pixel 3 Find out how Use anywhere Android Auto Voice actions, navigation, and music - now in your car. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Android OS The platform that gets better every day. Learn More Support Wear OS by Google Make every minute matter – track fitness, stay connected, stay ahead. Learn More Support Chromebook Speedy, secure and smart devices that run Chrome OS. Get started Learn more Browse Chromebooks Support Wear OS by Google Health and help are just a swipe away Get started Talk & text Gmail Get more done with email by Google. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Messages Simple, helpful messaging to help you connect with those who matter. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Google Duo Simple, high quality video calling for Android and iOS. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Hangouts Chat An intelligent and secure messaging platform built for teams. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Gmail Five ways the new Gmail can help you get more done Learn more Stay organized Google Photos All your photos, organized, and easy to find. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Contacts Keep your address book clean, safely backed up, and available everywhere. Get started Use on the web Get it on Google Play Support Calendar Organize your schedule and share events with those in your life. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Keep Save your thoughts as notes, lists, and voice memos from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Photos A new way to share that’s always up to date Get started Work smarter Docs All your documents, editable and shareable, wherever you are. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Slides Tell stories with presentations you can create and take anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Drive A safe place to keep, access, and share your files. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Sheets Smart spreadsheets you can work on from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support G Suite Keeping track of work in G Suite Find out how Grow your business Google Ads Show up when customers search for what you offer. Get started Learn more Sign up Support AdSense Monetize your content with ads. Get started Learn more Sign up Support Analytics Gain customer insights across your channels. Get started Learn more Sign up Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google My Business Stand out to customers looking for you on Google Search and Maps, for free. Get started Learn more Start Now Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google Ads Drive better results with the latest Google Ads innovations Learn more All products For all Android Auto Android OS Calendar Cardboard Chrome Chrome Web Store Chromebook Chromecast Connected Home Contacts Daydream View Docs Drive Earth Finance Forms Gboard Gmail Google Alerts Google Cast Google Classroom Google Cloud Print Google Duo Google Expeditions Google Fi Google Fit Google Flights Google Fonts Google Groups Google One Google Pay Google Photos Google Play Google Play Books Google Play Games Google Play Movies & TV Google Play Music Google Shopping Google Store Google Street View Hangouts Hangouts Chat Keep Maps Messages Nest Wifi News Pixel Pixelbook Go Play Protect Scholar Search Sheets Sites Slides Tilt Brush Translate Voice Waze Wear OS by Google YouTube YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube TV For business AdMob AdSense Analytics Android Assistant Blogger Chrome Data Studio DoubleClick by Google G Suite Google Ads Google Cloud Platform Google Digital Garage Google Domains Google Enterprise Search Google Manufacturer Center Google Maps Platform Google Merchant Center Google My Business Google Shopping Campaigns Google Surveys Google Tag Manager Google Trends Google Web Designer Google+ Brands Optimize Search Console Shopping Actions Waze Local For developers App Testing Cloud Computing Devices Engagement Game Services Growth Maps + Location Messaging + Notifications Monetization Monitoring Payments Sign in + Identity Storage + Sync Visit developer.google.com/products for the complete list of our latest developer products and tools including documentation, examples, community forums and more. Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Termshttps://www.google.ca/intl/en/about/products?tab=wh Browse All of Google's Products & Services - Google About Our products Our commitments Our stories Radically helpful things Made by Google. Learn More Product news {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account | stripSpaces]} {[feed.account]} {[feed.network === newsFeedCtrl.network.GOOGLE_PLUS ? '+' : '@']}{[::feed.account|stripSpaces]} {[::feed.published_at|date:'mediumDate']} Search & explore Watch & play Devices made by Google Use anywhere Talk & text Stay organized Work smarter Grow your business All products Search & explore Search Ask questions. Find answers. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Translate Speak, scan, type, or draw to translate in over 100 languages. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Chrome One fast, simple, and secure browser for all your devices. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Maps Explore your neighborhood and get around with real-time traffic information. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Maps Take control of your commute with Google Maps Get started Watch & play YouTube Music A new music streaming app. Made by YouTube. Get started Learn more Listen on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Chromecast Stream movies, music and more from your phone to your TV. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Google Play Movies & TV The newest releases, plus all your favorites, even on your TV. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support YouTube Discover, watch, and share your favorite videos and music. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Youtube How a father used YouTube to make his daughter a better prosthetic eye Learn more Devices made by Google Pixel The phone with the best of Google, all in one place. Learn More Support Connected Home Introducing Google Nest. Welcome to the helpful home. Learn more Support Pixelbook Go The go-there, do?that Chromebook. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Nest Wifi Nest Wifi blankets your whole home in fast, reliable Wi?Fi and keeps buffering at bay in every room. Get started Learn more Get it on the Google Store Support Pixel Make every day more extraordinary with Pixel 3 Find out how Use anywhere Android Auto Voice actions, navigation, and music - now in your car. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Android OS The platform that gets better every day. Learn More Support Wear OS by Google Make every minute matter – track fitness, stay connected, stay ahead. Learn More Support Chromebook Speedy, secure and smart devices that run Chrome OS. Get started Learn more Browse Chromebooks Support Wear OS by Google Health and help are just a swipe away Get started Talk & text Gmail Get more done with email by Google. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Messages Simple, helpful messaging to help you connect with those who matter. Get started Learn more Get it on Google Play Support Google Duo Simple, high quality video calling for Android and iOS. Get started Learn more Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Hangouts Chat An intelligent and secure messaging platform built for teams. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Gmail Five ways the new Gmail can help you get more done Learn more Stay organized Google Photos All your photos, organized, and easy to find. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Contacts Keep your address book clean, safely backed up, and available everywhere. Get started Use on the web Get it on Google Play Support Calendar Organize your schedule and share events with those in your life. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Keep Save your thoughts as notes, lists, and voice memos from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Photos A new way to share that’s always up to date Get started Work smarter Docs All your documents, editable and shareable, wherever you are. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Slides Tell stories with presentations you can create and take anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Drive A safe place to keep, access, and share your files. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support Sheets Smart spreadsheets you can work on from anywhere. Get started Learn more Use on the web Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Download to computer Support G Suite Keeping track of work in G Suite Find out how Grow your business Google Ads Show up when customers search for what you offer. Get started Learn more Sign up Support AdSense Monetize your content with ads. Get started Learn more Sign up Support Analytics Gain customer insights across your channels. Get started Learn more Sign up Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google My Business Stand out to customers looking for you on Google Search and Maps, for free. Get started Learn more Start Now Get it on the App Store Get it on Google Play Support Google Ads Drive better results with the latest Google Ads innovations Learn more All products For all Android Auto Android OS Calendar Cardboard Chrome Chrome Web Store Chromebook Chromecast Connected Home Contacts Daydream View Docs Drive Earth Finance Forms Gboard Gmail Google Alerts Google Cast Google Classroom Google Cloud Print Google Duo Google Expeditions Google Fi Google Fit Google Flights Google Fonts Google Groups Google One Google Pay Google Photos Google Play Google Play Books Google Play Games Google Play Movies & TV Google Play Music Google Shopping Google Store Google Street View Hangouts Hangouts Chat Keep Maps Messages Nest Wifi News Pixel Pixelbook Go Play Protect Scholar Search Sheets Sites Slides Tilt Brush Translate Voice Waze Wear OS by Google YouTube YouTube Kids YouTube Music YouTube TV For business AdMob AdSense Analytics Android Assistant Blogger Chrome Data Studio DoubleClick by Google G Suite Google Ads Google Cloud Platform Google Digital Garage Google Domains Google Enterprise Search Google Manufacturer Center Google Maps Platform Google Merchant Center Google My Business Google Shopping Campaigns Google Surveys Google Tag Manager Google Trends Google Web Designer Google+ Brands Optimize Search Console Shopping Actions Waze Local For developers App Testing Cloud Computing Devices Engagement Game Services Growth Maps + Location Messaging + Notifications Monetization Monitoring Payments Sign in + Identity Storage + Sync Visit developer.google.com/products for the complete list of our latest developer products and tools including documentation, examples, community forums and more. Back to top Follow us on: More about us Contact us Investor relations Careers Locations Blog Think with Google Press room Press inquiries Images & B-roll Permissions Speaker requests Policy Application security Software principles Unwanted software policy Responsible supply chain Extended workforce Community guidelines How our business works Responsibility Google.org Sustainability Crisis Response Diversity & Inclusion Accessibility Transparency Digital Wellbeing Safety Center Google Safety Engineering Center Human Rights Help Privacy Terms